[DOC-3304] Delegate 79707 release notes (#2262)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

## Latest - June 28, 2023, Harness version 797xx, Harness Delegate version 797xx

> Harness NextGen release 797xx includes the following changes for the Harness Delegate.

Reviewer: To-do: update release #

This release introduces the following new features and enhancements:

- You can now see disconnected delegate details in selection logs and error messages when there are no eligible delegates in an active state to execute tasks. (PL-37900)

- Upgraded the delegate JRE to 11.0.19_7. (PL-37994)

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```

> This release includes the following early access features and enhancements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes the following early access feature:
```

Author: Updated

- Added a new field in the release history for Blue Green deployments to differentiate between environments. (CDS-69961)

  Enable the feature flag, `CDS_BG_STAGE_SCALE_DOWN_STEP_NG` to leverage this feature. 

>   This is an enhancement to the Kubernetes Blue Green Stage Scale Down step. You can now scale down your last successful stage environment only if the primary resources exist. This enhancement helps you efficiently manage your resources, and prevent deleting the important resources.

Reviewer: Is this a Kubernetes Blue Green Stage Scale Down step, or a Scale Down step in a Blue Green stage?

Author: @douglas-j-bothwell This content is from the CD release notes. I'll check with @roshnisarangadharan.

- CloudFormation deployment failed with an unclear error message, `# Exception: Invalid request: Template format error: YAML not well-formed. (line 1, column 40) (Service: AmazonCloudFormation; Status Code: 400; Error Code: ValidationError; Request ID: 7685da0b-c14a-47e2-afe5-9e4ffde536c6; Proxy: null) while Updating stack: pipeline-demo.`. (CDS-68866, ZD-44165)

  When a multi-line string was passed as input for a child pipeline, the string was being converted to a single line. 

  This issue is fixed. Instead of passing data using YAML, Harness now uses JSON for data processing. This helps preserve multi-line strings and YAML structures properly to process pipeline YAML and user inputs. Enable the feature flag, `PIE_PROCESS_ON_JSON_NODE` to leverage this fix.

- Fixed an issue where the expression, `<+lastPublished.tag>.regex()` was not resolved properly when used as runtime input for artifacts. (CDS-68810)

- Quotations were added to execution YAML strings inconsistently when comparing pipeline YAMLs. (CDS-67637)

>   This issue is fixed by enabling `MINIMIZE_QUOTES` for YamlUtils and YamlPipelineUtils classes. The compiled YAML no longer have quotations around strings where they are not needed, but only around numbers. Even if you had added quotations in the string values in the pipeline YAML, they'll be removed in the compiled YAML. Also, there won't be unnecessary audit trails where the diff only has quotations around strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue is fixed by enabling `MINIMIZE_QUOTES` for YamlUtils and YamlPipelineUtils classes. The compiled YAML no longer has quotations around strings where they are not needed, but only around numbers. Even if you had added quotations in the string values in the pipeline YAML, they'll be removed in the compiled YAML. Also, there won't be unnecessary audit trails where the diff only has quotations around strings.
```

Author: Updated
